all right folks Joe Roberts out here
crush them for doing another virtual
walk-around on our 2007 ford ranger FX
for level 2 package with a 4 liter v6
automatic transmissions you can see
matching grill custom fog lights that's
factory fog lights being factory wheel
lips alloy wheels BF Goodrich all
terrains that are brand spanking new
chrome running boards you've got the the
two-tone paint the lower gray bottom
black trail ex a bedliner inside
beautiful this is the 4-door Ranger edge
or they excuse me the FX 4 level 2 with
black leather interior 4 door rear seats
automatic transmission looks like mp3
player you have six disc CD changer
cruising tilt
power windows and locks air conditioning
this thing is loaded with black leather
interior beautiful truck beautiful truck
2007 Ford Ranger FX for off-road level 2
package with a trailer three level three
trailer hitch that's a full-sized
trailer hitch package trailer tow comes
with the transmission cooler that all
comes along with the trailer tow package
great vehicle out here folks come on out
and check it out today looks like it's
set up for Sirius radio if you look at
here at the top so it's all wired for
satellite radio this is a jewel and a
one-of-a-kind now as the inventory
manager of a Ford dealership I don't
order these things very often so I think
it's kind of a rare fine come on out
looked at it personally at 1:9 for Oh
east FAL Boulevard Gresham Oregon ninety
seven zero way though or give us a phone
call at five oh three six six five zero
one zero one and from your home or
office check out this vehicle and many
others at wwm for calm folks look
forward to seeing you soon to check out
this forward FX for level to Ranger
package doctor soon